# __Copies of license agreements__

The 'rAmCharts4' package as a whole is distributed under GPL-3 (GNU GENERAL
PUBLIC LICENSE version 3).

It includes other open source software components. The following
is a list of these components:

- **amCharts**, https://github.com/amcharts/amcharts4/
- **SuperTinyIcons**, https://github.com/edent/SuperTinyIcons/
- **regression-js**, https://github.com/Tom-Alexander/regression-js/

Full copies of the license agreements used by these components are included
below.

# *amCharts license*

## Free amCharts license

This amCharts software is copyrighted by Antanas Marcelionis.

This amCharts software is provided under linkware license, conditions of which
are outlined below.

### You can

* Use amCharts software in any of your projects, including commercial.
* Modify amCharts software to suit your needs (source code is available at
[here](https://github.com/amcharts/amcharts4)).
* Bundle amCharts software with your own projects (free, open source, or
commercial).

### If the following conditions are met

* You do not disable, hide or alter the branding link which is displayed on all
the content generated by amCharts software unless you provide some other
adequately prominent attribution to amCharts.
* You include this original LICENSE file together with original (or modified)
files from amCharts software.
* Your own personal license does not supersede or in any way negate the effect
of this LICENSE, or make the impression of doing so.

### You can't

* Remove or alter this LICENSE file.
* Remove any of the amCharts copyright notices from any of the files of amCharts
software.
* Use amCharts software without any kind of prominent attribution (bundled or
custom). Please see note about commercial amCharts licenses below.
* Sell or receive any consideration for amCharts software.
* Distribute amCharts software on its own, not as part of other application.

### The above does not suit you?

amCharts provides commercial licenses for purchase for various usage scenarios
that are not covered by the above conditions.

Please refer to [this web page](https://www.amcharts.com/online-store/) or
[contact amCharts support](mailto:contact@amcharts.com) for further information.

### In doubt?

[Contact amCharts](mailto:contact@amcharts.com). We'll be happy to sort you out.



# *SuperTinyIcons license*

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2017 Terence Eden

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.



# *regression-js license*

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) Tom Alexander <me@tomalexander.co.nz>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
